1. What tech stack will you use for your final project? We recommend that you use
React and Node for this project, however if you are extremely interested in
becoming a Python developer you are welcome to use Python/Flask for this
project.
  Node/React


2. Is the front-end UI or the back-end going to be the focus of your project? Or are
you going to make an evenly focused full-stack application?
  It's going to be an evenly focused full stack


3. Will this be a website? A mobile app? Something else?
  A website


4. What goal will your project be designed to achieve?
  My website will help people refine their writing and get a better understanding of how good it is and where to improve.


5. What kind of users will visit your app? In other words, what is the demographic of your users?
  The website could be used by anyone from a company needing help to improve a product description, a team leader to write feedback, or someone wanting to improve a thank you letter.


6. What data do you plan on using? How are you planning on collecting your data?
You may have not picked your actual API yet, which is fine, just outline what kind
of data you would like it to contain. You are welcome to create your own API and
populate it with data. If you are using a Python/Flask stack are required to create
your own API.
  I will create an api to hold user data such as their email and previous writings. Using ChatGPT's API I will allow users to input text, text context (feedback, product description, thank you letter), and some adjectives to describe the mood they want to convey through the writing. Then I'll have it respond with a rating based on the input and where they could improve.


7. In brief, outline your approach to creating your project (knowing that you may not know everything in advance and that these details might change later). Answer
questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information:
a. What does your database schema look like?
  The user data such as their email and history will be stored and API calls will be made in order to refine whatever text they input.


b. What kinds of issues might you run into with your API? This is especially
important if you are creating your own API, web scraping produces
notoriously messy data.
  I think the biggest problem will be working with the API and making sure that I get the correct responses back from ChatGPT.


c. Is there any sensitive information you need to secure?
  I will be storing user passwords encrypted with Bcrypt.


d. What functionality will your app include?
  Users can input the text and parameters to get a rating and notes on improvement, they will be able to look at their previous searches as well.


e. What will the user flow look like?
  After being signed in the users will have access to the main function of the app as well as a page to see the history.


f. What features make your site more than a CRUD app? What are your
stretch goals?
  Utilizing ChatGPT's API will go beyond the basic CRUD of storing the user's data.

